Sorry.
I don't have all
night, sweetheart.
Yeah, right. Not
gonna happen.
You didn't even
check my card, man!
Next!
Hey, what's up?
Seriously? That's me in the
picture, Charlie Gibson!
Come on in,
ladies.
- Really?
- Listen, it's not your night.
Dude, if you know
how to do math,
you'll see I
just turned 21.
Whatever. Get in.
OK. Go on in.
Thank you.
Jack.
Hello?
Whoa, whoa, slow down.
I can barely understa--
Have you been drinking?
It's Charlie.
Put her on
speaker.
Hey, Charlie? It's
Dad. Can you hear me?
Dad. I need help. I
need... picked up.
Where are you?
217 Scott Street. Please hurry.
OK, stay right
there; I'm on my way.
No! Please don't
hurt me! I'll do anything!
Charlie!
It got disconnected.
Call her back.
Hey! You've reached Charlie.
It went straight to voice mail.
You stay here in
case she comes back.
Call me as soon
as you pick her up.
- I will.
- Be careful.
- I love you.
- I love you too.
Hey, you've reached Charlie.
Please leave a message
after the beep.
DAD! HELP ME!
Charlie?
Charlie, where are you?
Charlie, say something, please!
Help me!
Where are you?
Charlie!
Charlie, oh my God.
Why are you still up, Mila?
Oh!
What are you doing!
Your phone call nearly
scared the life out of us.
Your father is out there
looking for you right now.
Call? What call?
You called him! You were
crying, asking to be picked up.
No. I never called Dad.
My phone's been
dead for hours. See?
That's impossible!
It wasn't me!
I swear it was your
voice, your screams...
the way you speak when you cry.
I told you my phone's dead.
I was... at a friend's
place; they'll tell you.
Maybe you drank too much,
and you don't remember...
I mean, this wouldn't be...
Hi. I'm Detective Faulkner.
Are you Mila Gibson?
Can I come in for a minute?
Yes, please.
This way.
Hi, Charlie. I'm
Detective Faulkner.
Did you find my dad?
We have a team at 217
Scott Street as we speak.
I'll need to take this.
Faulkner
speaking.
So it's confirmed then?
Sit tight. I'll be right there.
What is it?
Did they find him?
I'm afraid I have
some bad news.
The body that we found was...
was your father.
I'm so sorry.
Hey, it's Matthew.
You know the drill.
Matthew, why the hell
are you ignoring me?
I need you!
Dad's been... shot.
Someone killed him.
Please call me back!
Where are you?
217 Scott
Street. Please hurry!
OK stay right
there. I'm on my way!
No, please! Don't hurt
me! I'll do anything!
Charlie!
And that's
where the call drops.
It wasn't me.
I'll be checking
your call history
as well as your father's.
We know he recorded his calls,
so we'll see what
else we can find.
Is this process long or...?
No. We should know
more soon enough.
Jack was my best friend!
I can't believe you
didn't call me last night!
Why the hell did I have to hear
about this from my ex-wife?
How come Melody knows?
I called her.
I'm sorry, Tim, I'm gonna
have to call you back.
What? She's my Godmother!
I don't get why
you have such a problem with
me telling her about it.
I don't. I would
just rather you--
Mila, I don't understand why
you stopped talking to Melody.
But it's clear to me that
she's upset about it.
I have my reasons.
Sure. And you can't
tell me just cause I'm 16!
I can't. I'm late.
I'm meeting Melody.
I'm sorry I didn't
tell you earlier.
Oh, honey, come here! Come here.
I don't understand any of this.
Who would want to kill Dad?
I don't know.
Everybody loves Jack.
I lied.
About what?
I told Mila and the detective
that I was at a friend's
house last night but...
I was at the Moonlight
Bar.
Honey. It's OK...
but you do need to
tell them the truth
before they find
out on their own.
If I had just stayed home
instead of acting out,
Dad would have never
had to run and save me,
and he would still be alive.
No! Charlie, you do not
blame yourself for this.
Of course you wanted
to blow off some steam.
OK? They shouldn't have fought
like that in front of you.
You don't put too much
on your shoulders, OK?
OK.
Matthew texted me.
That's good.
I'm gonna see him around 10.
He told his parents
about my dad.
I can't even imagine
how Rebecca and Harrison
are feeling right now.
They were so close to Jack.
Yeah.
They were friends
before I was even born.
What are you doing?
Packing.
I can see that!
Why are you packing?
I understand how
you must feel.
Jack was your best friend and--
I don't think you
understand, Rebecca cause...
right now, I don't
even know how I feel.
Maybe you should consider
seeing a therapist?
What I need is to spend some
time alone and clear my head.
I'm gonna spend some
time at the cabin.
Hey. I'm so sorry
about everything. I...
I don't know what to
say. It's terrible, I...
OK.
I need some air.
I wasn't sober last night
but I'm telling the truth.
I didn't call Mila.
I believe you.
It was so scary.
The detective played the
phone call so I could hear.
It was my voice, Matt!
Check this out.
AI scams are more
common than we think.
Hey. I heard about this.
It says here that you only need
three seconds of someone's voice
to duplicate it to almost a tee.
It's really hard to detect,
especially if we think our
loved ones are in danger.
Scams like this,
they're usually used to
ask for a ransom, not to--
I know. It's obvious now that
someone wanted to target my dad.
They basically called him
there just to... kill him.
Who would want him dead?
He put so many
criminals in jail
back when he was
district attorney
The list of people angry
with him? It's a long one.
Rebecca. Hi.
Mila. Hi. I don't know what to
say. I-I made you a lasagna.
I figured the last thing
you need to be worrying
about is cooking.
Thank you. Please come in.
It makes me happy that
Charlie's with Matthew.
She's been missing him a lot.
Matt hasn't been
acting himself lately.
I'll chalk it up to teenage
hormones.
What's going on?
It's nothing.
Mila... I've known you
long enough to know
when something's wrong.
It started this morning. I'm
receiving threatening texts.
Jack was first... You're
next. You'll be reunited soon.
Oh, my God! Have
you told the police?
I did. The detective
that's working on the case
should call me back
this afternoon.
They're trying to track
down who's sending me
these messages.
This is serious.
Yeah. I just...
I don't know how to tell Charlie
but she needs to know
that we're not safe.
You sure you don't want
me to walk you home?
Come on, Matt! It's
five minutes away.
I've been walking
alone since I was 6!
See you soon!
Hey!
Who are you?
If there's someone
after us, we're not safe here!
Between this and
threatening texts I've
been getting, the police have
agreed to park a car out front
Mila, we may be safe in the
house, but what's gonna happen
when we have to leave?
We're just gonna have
to be extremely careful.
Going out only when necessary
and taking precautions
when we do.
Always texting each
other where we are.
I can't stay locked
up in here forever.
Everything reminds me of Dad.
I love you.
Charlie, wait!
Stop following me! The
police are right there.
Charlie, I... I don't want to
hurt you. I'm um... I'm Alyssa,
Alyssa Price, your mother.
You can ask him if
you don't believe me.
He checked my ID before
I walked to the door.
No, you're not allowed
to be anywhere near me!
Did it change cause my dad died?
No, it changed when
you turned sixteen.
My dad never mentioned
anything about our situation
being different
when I was older.
I'm telling the truth. I have
the court order. But...
if you're not
ready, I understand.
I've been sixteen for a while.
Why come now?
I um... I moved back
to town two months ago.
I'm living at my
sister's place.
She has a house near the
park you walk through
to get to school.
Believe me, I tried many,
many times to talk to you,
but I just couldn't build
up the courage before today.
It's been so long.
Eleven years. Yeah.
I just came to say that I
hope one day you'll agree
on hearing my side of the story.
Well, today
isn't that day.
Would you just at
least take this
and read it over
whenever you're ready?
My number is on it if you
ever want to hear me out.
I'm really sorry about your dad.
I'm not going
to school tomorrow.
I'm not going to
school tomorrow.
I'm not
going to school tomorrow.
Matt?
Never heard of knocking?
I'm trying to figure
out how AI works.
It's way easier than I thought.
You can't have
this on your phone!
Not with what just
happened to Jack!
I'm just trying to help.
Charlie seemed so scared!
You need to delete
this app right now!
Can you imagine if the police
found this on your phone?
What? It's not like I
have something to hide.
Delete it now!
Hey.
It's done!
I talked to Charlie.
It's about time!
How did she react?
She let me talk a bit and
she took the court order
before basically shutting
me down.
So... I guess it went OK.
It's a start. I'm
proud of you.
Thank you for pushing and
supporting me through all this.
Of course!
Um... there was a police
car parked outside
of Jack's house
when I was there.
A cop came to talk to me.
Really? What did he want?
They asked me to go to the
station for questioning.
They wanted to know where I was
the night that Jack was killed
and why I decided to
reconnect with Charlie
so soon after his death.
Wait a second...
where did you tell them you
were the night of the murder?
I told them I was with you.
But I was working!
I still feel Dad's
presence in here.
I do too.
Why didn't you take Tim's call?
I'm just not ready
to talk to anyone
who was close to your dad.
Well, you'll have
to soon enough.
The funeral will come up fast.
You've reached Mila Gibson.
Leave me a message and
I'll call you back.
Mila we really need to talk.
The police want to question
me first thing tomorrow.
OK, this is urgent.
Please call me back.
Mila? I
don't understand.
First you stopped
talking to Melody
Now you're ignoring Tim?
If you don't call
him back, I will.
We have to talk about Tim.
Melody!
I'm sorry!
I should have called to
tell you I was coming.
I'm just looking
for my family album.
It seems like you're
just making up reasons
to come back here again!
All of my stuff is here.
I can't take
everything to Betty's.
She's been nice enough to
let me stay at her place
while she's traveling
so it'll just will
have to be this way
until we sell the house.
It's so hard to believe that
Melody could have taken
everything from
Tim in the divorce.
I mean, it's so not like her.
I know... but Tim was
left with almost nothing.
He wasn't able to pay his part
of the firm for almost a year.
Your father took
care of all of it.
Tim owes him a lot of money;
that's why he's so stressed
to talk to the police.
Wait. Tim thinks they could
suspect him for Dad's murder
because he owes him some
money? That's crazy!
Wait! You don't think that...
All I know for sure
is that I am not ready
to have a discussion
with him at the moment.
I understand that but...
Just because you're not ready
doesn't mean I
can't talk to him.
You're absolutely right.
But it would give me more
reassurance if you did it
somewhere public or at
least over the phone.
Seriously, Mila?
He's my godfather.
We've known him forever.
I think you're being
slightly dramatic.
Yes. I understand. I
should have told the truth
right from the
start, Detective.
I can't believe this.
I mean, actually being
suspected of my ex's murder.
This is way better than if
they found out on their own
that you weren't with me
the night of Jack's murder.
Hey. You're a good person.
The only thing you're guilty
of is loving your daughter
and wanting to
reconnect with her.
That's my biggest wish.
Hi.
Hey, Matt.
Uhh... Hi!
Your mom didn't tell you we
were coming over for dinner?
No.
Um, I picked up your
favorite: apple crumble.
OK. Maybe you
two need to talk.
Matt?
I can't do this.
Wha?
- Hey!
I brought pie.
Aw! You didn't have
to bring anything.
I don't mind.
How are you?
I'm OK.
Matt!
What's going on?
It's not that easy. I
don't know where to start.
You're scaring me.
You remember that... that
night that you were supposed
to meet me at the movies
but then you didn't
because you were getting
drunk with your friend?
Yeah, I do. And
I'm really sorry.
When I realized that you
wouldn't be joining me,
I decided to come
home and that's...
that's when I saw it.
My dad was away at the cabin.
Your mom was cheating?
Did you recognize the guy?
Yes. I did.
It was Jack.
No! No! No, my dad loved
Mila! He would never.
I wouldn't have
believed it myself,
except for that I saw them.
So your mom and my dad
were having an affair?
Does anybody else
know about this?
My dad, when he came
back from the cabin,
he heard me and my
mom fighting about it.
That's how he found out.
He must have been
really mad at my dad.
Did he confront him?
Not that I know of.
Where is Harry tonight?
He's away at the cabin. I think
he'll be there for a while.
When did he leave?
Charlie, where are
you going with this?
I don't know!
My dad's a cheater.
Someone killed him!
And Mila's inside
having a good time
with her dead
husband's mistress!
She's gonna be destroyed
when she finds out.
You want to tell her?
I don't want to do
anything! But I have to.
She thinks Rebecca's her friend.
She can't be the only
one kept in the dark.
There is no way I can
sit through this dinner
with your mom.
Thank you so
much for this.
Of course.
Did you get any news
from the detective?
Nothing concrete.
They're questioning
all possible suspects.
And uh, did you get any
more of those texts?
I got one this morning.
Saying that my time is coming
faster than I can imagine.
I mean... the police
are working on it.
It's just...
it's just unbearable. You know,
it's only been two days and...
God, I just miss him so much.
I'm here for you, OK?
Thank you.
She makes me sick.
What were you saying, sweetie?
I said, I feel sick.
Charlie, what is it?
I just um... I don't feel
well all of a sudden.
I want to go home.
I'm so sorry. She's been
under a lot of stress.
Don't worry at all, Mila. It's
completely understandable.
Thank you. You
have a good night.
You too.
OK.
All right, well, I guess it's
just the two of us tonight then.
I get now why Dad
went to the cabin.
I bet he wouldn't want to watch
you putting on your little show,
pretending to be
Mila's perfect friend.
You're so fake.
Matthew!
I'm not hungry. You
enjoy your dinner.
And FYI, I told Charlie
your little secret,
so it's only a matter of
time before Mila finds out.
Matthew's 100 percent
sure of what he saw.
He confronted Rebecca the
night he caught them together.
I'm sorry.
You know, it's
hurtful to think
that Jack would do
something like that.
But this is not how I
want you to remember him.
He loved you more than anything.
I don't doubt how much he
loved me; I'm just...
I'm so mad at Rebecca.
She's freaking playing the best
friend part with you!
Bringing us lasagna, calling
dad's friends to help you.
And then, and then she
invites us over for dinner,
like she did nothing wrong!
I just, I hate her so much!
Do you think it would
make me a bad person
if I wanna get to know
my biological mom?
No. Why would you?
I don't know...
Just this whole thing with your
mom and my dad having an affair
made me feel like maybe
I didn't know my dad
as much as I thought I did...
or at least a side of him.
Alyssa's known him
for long enough.
Maybe she could
help me get to know
the kind of man that he was.
From what you told me,
I'm not sure that Alyssa's
the right person for that.
Plus, she's a stranger to you so
God knows what she could make up
to get on your good side.
How was school?
Fine.
Charlie?
Detective Faulkner.
How can I help you?
May I come in?
Yes, of course.
Do you know more about
what happened to my dad?
I'd like to speak with your
step-mom privately if that's OK.
What? No! If it's about my dad,
then I should be here too.
Whatever she has to say to you
she can say in
front of me, right?
Yes, of course. Detective, I'm
OK with Charlie being here.
Uh, what news do you have?
No news, unfortunately
but I'll cut to the chase:
why did you fail to mention
that you filed for divorce
one month before
Jack was killed?
Is she lying?
You didn't actually plan on
getting divorced, did you?
Mila?
Baby, it's complicated.
Yes, I went to the courthouse,
and I got the papers but--
Charlie!
Mrs. Gibson. Let's
go and talk,
shall we?
- Yes.
Why did you never
mention the divorce?
I didn't think
it was relevant.
Jack and I were going
through troubles.
What kind of troubles?
Jack was cheating... more
than once over the years.
I understand. But you
must know how this looks.
I never meant to hide
anything, I swear.
Mrs. Gibson. You filed for
divorce and next thing you know,
he turns up dead.
So what are you saying?
You think I had something
to do with his murder?
The victim's partner is
always considered a suspect.
We'll keep investigating
every angle,
but it complicates things that
Jack is not here to corroborate
your story or alibi
the night he died.
You know, I hope that you
take into consideration
that I'm the one receiving
the threatening texts.
Yes, we are. And I
have a team of experts
trying to track down
where the texts are coming from
and a police car
parked out front.
I think we're done here.
Hi, it's Melody.
Leave me a message!
Hey, um. It's me.
There's so much
going on here and...
I don't know what to do.
I need your advice.
Just um, call me when
you get this. OK.
I don't have anything
to say to you.
Your father and I
were having issues,
but we were trying
to work through it.
The papers were never signed.
I didn't want you to
find out like this.
Come in.
Sweetie.
Please don't think that I didn't
love your dad because I did.
I still do.
I know you loved him.
I heard some of the
conversation from downstairs.
You're in trouble with
the police, right?
Kind of. But they're
just doing their job.
They just have to investigate
every possible angle.
Alyssa Price? Your mother?
She came by yesterday.
She said that she wants me to
hear her side of the story...
like when I'm ready.
Your dad said she would never
try and get in touch with you.
She's an addict.
What, are you gonna give her
a chance to explain herself?
Probably. I mean, her story
is kinda like my story too
in a way. so I
guess at some point,
I might wanna hear
what she has to say.
I get it. And I want you
to know that I support
whatever you decide.
Just be careful.
Her reappearing right after
Jack's death, it's...
it's questionable for me.
No, I get it.
Is Dad's affair with Rebecca
the reason you decided
to file for divorce?
No, I didn't know.
I told you that.
Then why?
I wanted to divorce your dad
because he was a...
He cheated on me more than once.
And when I found out about the
most recent affair, months ago,
I just decided
enough was enough.
I didn't want it to
have to come here,
but eventually, the
rumors would get to you,
and I would prefer
you hear it from me.
Your dad was having an
affair with Melody--
Wha! with my
godmother? Seriously?
It's you I'm starting
to doubt now.
You want me to remember the
good things about my dad?
But you're describing
him as a serial cheater.
And why are you always talking
so badly about Melody?
Are you jealous of my
relationship with her?
Just ask Tim, he's the one that
found out. He'll tell you!
Leave me alone!
This is the voicemail of Tim
Robertson, attorney at law.
I'm not available to
take your call right now.
Please leave your name and
number so we can schedule
a time to speak. Thank you.
Hey Tim, it's
me, um... Charlie.
Uh, let me know if you're
free sometime tomorrow.
I have some questions I need
to ask you. Thanks. Bye.
Oh, my God! Jack and Melody?
It's a lot! I really
don't know what to think!
I'm meeting with Tim
this afternoon.
So I'll see what he
has to say.
Jack was the perfect
father to you.
Would it really matter if he
wasn't the perfect husband
or the perfect friend?
Possibly. Maybe Alyssa
isn't fully to blame
for ending up like how she did.
Agh! Melody is calling me.
I don't wanna talk
to her right now.
So don't answer. Hey, are you
sure you're not going to school?
Positive! I'm gonna enjoy
having the house to myself.
I'm gonna try and
go back to sleep.
Fine. Byeee.
Byee.
Officer Ferguson speaking.
Ferguson, Faulkner here.
I have an emergency
at 544 Lane Street.
I need you to head
there right away.
I'll send someone else to
watch the Gibson house.
Copy that, Detective.
Police are gone.
911, what's your emergency?
We are so very sorry
for what has happened.
Officer Ferguson should
have never left his guard.
He said you called
him with an emergency.
Yes, but I didn't.
Looks like we're
facing another AI call.
This time they used my voice.
The person that we're looking
for has access to my voice.
Probably someone I
interrogated in Jack's case.
From now on, everyone
is a suspect.
I will make it a priority
to check everyone's alibi.
I'll be starting
with you, Mrs Gibson.
Charlie, if you can excuse us.
Where were you this morning?
I had an appointment
with my therapist.
Daddy?
I don't know what
to do.
I need your help.
Please come back.
Hello, Detective.
Uh, yeah, I can come by to
visit you at the station.
OK. I'll see you soon. Bye bye.
I was at my friend's house.
I've been staying with her ever
since we filed for divorce.
And why are you here
at your ex's now?
All my stuff is here.
I'll need to talk
to your friend.
Uhh... she's traveling in Europe.
Can anyone confirm your
whereabouts for this morning?
What do you want me to tell you?
I've been here all day
working on these files.
No phone calls? No visitors?
No. I've been here and
turned off my phone
to focus on my work.
I was helping with
inventory at the bistro.
I've been here since 8:30.
My sister, Olivia Price and
her colleague Dianne Hoeve,
they an confirm.
I just finished the interviews
with the top suspects,
but nothing conclusive so far.
- Hey, kiddo!
- Hey, Tim.
Charlie. I... I didn't
know you were coming.
My sister works here. I
sometimes stay for breakfast
or lunch. She's right
over there.
Well, you were here before
me, so it's not like
you followed me or
anything this time.
OK. Well. Have a good lunch.
Thank you.
It was good to see you.
Alyssa... I'm still thinking
things through and...
I'm not there yet but um,
I'll be in touch, you know,
when I wanna hear
your side of things.
That sounds perfect.
See ya.
It's good to see you!
It's good to see you too.
I didn't know you
still talk to Alyssa.
Oh no, I haven't
seen her in years!
I just found out that she moved
back to town two months ago.
Yeah, I know.
She um, came by my
house on Sunday.
That's one of the things I want
to discuss with you, actually.
Everything I know about
Alyssa comes from my dad
and he didn't have a very
high opinion about her.
So I guess what
I'm asking is...
do you have that same
opinion about her?
Listen, Alyssa
had her dark days.
She made some bad decisions
that didn't help her situation.
That almost sounds sad.
It is.
Alyssa's a good person.
She just took a wrong path.
Look. You have Jack's version
and you're mature enough
to hear Alyssa's side.
And then you can form your
own opinion of what happened.
So you think I should have
that little chat with her?
I do. I trust your
judgement, honey.
So what else did you
want to discuss with me?
Um... I'll make this quick.
Is it true that my dad
and Melody had an affair?
Mila told you?
Yes. It really happened.
If you'll excuse me,
I just need to use
the men's room.
"We really need a talk.
Stop avoiding me?"
Hey!
Charlie! I think
someone was following me.
What!
Are they still there?
No. A car pulled into
the parking lot.
I think the car
lights spooked them.
Did they see who it was?
No.
Have you called the police?
The guy did.
He's still on the
phone with them. I...
I just wanted to
call you right away
to make sure you were safe.
I'm glad you're OK.
Um... just...
Call me when the
police get there.
I will.
I'm sorry for
calling you so late.
The detective didn't want Mila
and I to be alone in the house
She's so exhausted and...
I don't feel safe since--
It's OK, honey.
I'm here now.
You should try to get some rest
and I'll watch over Mila, yeah?
OK.
What are you doing here?
Charlie called me. I've
been here all night.
I agree with you,
we need to talk.
Yes, we do, but not now.
I don't want Charlie
hearing any of this.
You need to get out of here.
Mila--
Tim. Please. For
Charlie's sake? Leave.
You make sure to call me
the second Charlie leaves.
What was that about?
What don't you want me to hear?
It's nothing.
Oh, my God, I know it's
not nothing! Tell me!
I am so sick of all the
lies and the secrets!
Hello?
It's um, Charlie.
Hi. Charlie, what's going on?
I'm ready to talk.
Mila's hidden so
many things from me.
I'm sure she had her reasons.
You guys need an
honest conversation.
Yeah. But, even then,
I don't even know
if I would be able to
believe what she has to say.
You won't know unless you try.
Do you have any plans right now?
Not really.
Would you like to
go to lunch with me?
Sure!
Can I hug you?
of course!
Don't worry, I'm with Alyssa.
Hope you're feeling better."
Hey! You've reached Charlie...
So, you still
haven't told her yet
why you two were
separated for so long?
No. She has enough on her plate.
I prefer to let
her set the pace.
I do have questions, but
we can't change the past.
Don't you think
knowing more about it
could help you understand?
I'm ready to hear everything.
Before I start... I
want you to know that...
I think Jack was a
wonderful father.
But uh ...he... he
was a chronic cheater.
It was as if he
couldn't help it.
And... you were an addict.
Yes. I drank.
I wasn't happy and
I wanted a divorce,
but I was terrified that if
I left Jack, he would...
try to take you from me.
So I turned to alcohol and,
when I was deep enough,
he filed the papers for divorce.
He also asked
for full custody
since he was able to prove
that I was an alcoholic.
But you were still
allowed to see me after.
I was... until, one day I...
I drank and drove
with you in the car
and got into a car accident.
How bad was the accident?
I crashed into another car.
Thankfully it was
in a parking lot,
so no one was speeding
and no one got hurt.
Is that why you weren't
allowed to see me anymore?
That's right. I could
barely live with myself
knowing that I
put you in danger.
So I started drinking even
more than I was before.
We got divorced; Jack had my
visitation rights revoked.
I wasn't in a good place.
I spiraled
out of control.
But Olivia saved me.
I got my life on track,
and I counted down the
days to your 16th birthday.
I've missed so much of
your life...
It's my biggest regret.
I'm so sorry, Charlie.
Mila. I wasn't expecting you...
especially since you kicked me
out of your house yesterday.
You know we couldn't talk
in front of Charlie...
or when Melody's at your house.
She's grabbing some more stuff.
She's in the garage
now, though. We're good.
I drove past your
house yesterday.
I saw Melody's car
in the driveway.
I almost thought you
guys got back together.
What? No!
No, it seems like every day she
finds a new reason to stop by.
Stop pretending, Tim!
I know you killed Jack!
And that was not
part of our plan!
You cannot be serious.
I came to you for help; you
said you were working on it.
Wow! Now he's cheating
with Rebecca too, huh?
I don't know why I'm
not really surprised.
I didn't come here for your
opinions on my marriage.
I filed for divorce.
Yeah. It's about time!
Jack
won't sign the papers.
Exactly. Tim, I need your help.
I can't live like this. Jack
needs to agree to signing.
I know exactly what to do.
I just need some
time but trust me,
Jack won't be a problem anymore.
I never thought that would
mean you murdering Jack!
Are you crazy?
I did have a plan, but it was
certainly not to kill him!
Come on, Mila! Jack
was my best friend!
A friend that ruined
your marriage.
Admit it. You're the only one
that benefits from his death.
I am tired of hiding the truth.
So I've decided to tell
the detective everything.
If I were you, I would
keep my mouth shut.
I have dirt on you, too.
All the text
messages you sent me?
About how you were so desperate
to have him outta your life?
How you would do anything
to separate from him?
You're using my
words against me!
And that is not how I meant it!
Well, it sure makes it look
like you wanted him dead.
Hey, Tim. You're
taking way too much time.
I don't want to wait any
longer for the divorce.
I found a way. I'll
handle things by myself.
Yeah. Now that's from the
day before Jack got killed.
I'm warning you, Mila, if you
ever try to bring me down,
I'm dragging you with me.
Now tell me that you'll
make the wise decision
of driving straight home.
You're a smart woman, Mila.
Don't make the mistake of
talking to the police.
I came to you for help.
You said you were working on it.
I never thought that would
mean you murdering Jack!
Are you crazy?
I did have a plan, but it was
certainly not to kill him.
Come on, Mila; Jack
was my best friend.
A friend who ruined
your marriage.
Admit it. You're the only one
that benefits from his death.
Wh-what's Mila talking about?
Why-why did she need Tim's help.
I... this is... unbearable
to say out loud but...
I think... Tim killed your dad.
And with the money that Tim
owes Jack and this recording...
it's enough against him.
I think we should go
to the police now.
You left Mila with Tim?
You know she got all
those threatening texts
and whoever killed my dad
wants to kill her too.
I'm sorry. I was scared...
and I just wanted to tell
you as soon as I heard.
And I was hoping you might want
to come to the station with me.
No, I think that's
too much for Charlie.
I understand. I'll
just go on my own.
Is everything's OK?
I'd better head to
the station now.
Mila. I know it wasn't
you who killed Jack.
I found something that
could exonerate us both.
I'll explain everything later.
I don't understand. I
thought she'd be here.
What are you doing?
I'm looking for
some sort of record
proving that Tim
owed my dad money...
and then we can
go to the police.
Why would my dad have
an old flip phone?
Let me see.
No texts. No calls.
Hey! Sorry I haven't called you.
Matthew? It's not
important right now.
Things are getting
even more crazy here.
How come?
Melody recorded Mila and
Tim. It seems like they
were working together on some
sort of plot against my dad.
Anyways.
Long story short,
we think that Tim killed my dad.
What? No!
I need your help.
I found an old burner
phone in my dad's stuff.
How do I check if there's
any deleted messages on it?
You have to find
the trash folder.
Do you see a menu button?
Charlie? You see
it? Charlie? Hello?
All the threatening messages
we got are on there.
What!
What? Put me on speaker!
Who else has access
to your dad's office?
Just Mila and I.
And Tim.
He was with Mila the night
that she was followed, right?
Oh! I see that you
got my messages.
That was you...
that killed Jack?
And you tried to
frame me for it?
I knew it was you...
when I found the gun.
...in the garage
after you left.
It wasn't there before.
I'm sorry, Tim.
I can't take any chances.
You should never
have sent these texts, Tim!
Is everything's OK?
I'd better head to
the station now.
Tim! It's Mila!
Oh, Mila! You killed Tim, too.
Gotta be here.
Tim?
I'm just going in for
questioning, right?
I don't get it. I'm
the one that called.
I have already told
you everything!
Tim called me because
he thought he knew
who killed my husband.
And Mr. Robertson
was already dead
when you got there at 4:50?
Yes.
What? No. No, not
my husband!
Faulkner speaking.
OK. What was she doing?
Are you done interrogating her?
A recording of an argument with
the victim and Mrs. Gibson.
OK.
Forgetting to mention
important facts
seems to be a recurring
thing for you, Mrs. Gibson.
You and I have been
speaking for over an hour
and you never thought to mention
that you had an argument with
the victim this afternoon?
I had just come back
from the police station
to drop off the recording
when the police
showed up at my door.
First Dad?
And now Tim?
All I know is that Mila
was the one who found him
and she told them that he
was dead when she got there.
But I mean, who knows
who's telling the truth
after the argument they
had this afternoon?
I thought that the
threatening texts
could have been
from Tim, but now...
I'm sure that they're from Mila.
And it was some kind of coverup.
And now It's all coming out.
I just feel
so bad that I thought
that Tim was behind all this.
No! How could
Mila have done the AI?
With Dad in the room?
Oh, Honey! Honey, we don't...
We don't know for sure
that she was home.
Only your dad could've
confirmed that and...
And he's gone too.
Do you want me to
tell the police
about the burner phone?
Yes. Yes, you should tell them.
I'm really sorry about
Tim and everything, Melody
but Charlie's really not well
right now. So just uh...
come by when you're
done with the police.
OK. Ok.
Are you feeling any better?
Yeah.
Matthew called when
you were asleep.
I put it on silent, so
it didn't wake you.
Thanks.
Gonna call Matthew.
Yeah.
Take all the time you need.
Thanks.
You're positive that Mila Gibson
left her domicile at 4:20?
One hundred percent sure, Ma'am.
OK. Over twenty miles
separates the two residences.
Mrs. Gibson couldn't
have logically been
at the victim's house
earlier than 4:50.
Everything suggests that Mr.
Robertson was already dead
when she arrived.
So you released her?
Yes. For now. Let me know
when she's arrived home.
Don't go anywhere this time!
Copy that.
I can't believe
he did that.
Hey! Uh, anything new?
Tim's dead!
What? No way!
Mila's the one who
found him, Matt.
Do you think she killed him?
Everything's against her...
the burner,
the recording of her and
Tim arguing and now this.
But it's just like...
I can't believe that
she would do that.
Am I stupid or am I blind?
No! You love her.
I think Melody's here.
I'll call you back.
I just
can't believe that Tim's dead.
I know. I'm so sorry.
It's so obvious to me now
that Mila is the one who
killed him... and Jack.
The recording I have is
pretty clear on the fact
that she wanted to divorce
Jack no matter what the cost!
This is um, really
hard on Charlie
Let's just not talk about
it in front of her.
Ah, yeah.
I don't want to be here
when Mila gets back.
I'll go pack a bag.
We should bring the burner
phone to the police.
Let them do their jobs.
Did they uh, did they
search the house yet?
Um, I don't think so.
I'm gonna bring this
outside to the officer.
OK. I'll be there soon!
Just go with Alyssa; I'll
pick you up at her place.
OK.
OH NO! Mila's home!
I can't handle seeing
her right now! I can't--
Just breathe.
Oh my God! Oh my!
I've been blind?
This whole time?
Alyssa! Charlie!
Help me! Help me!
Mila! Stop!
Oh, my God! You're a monster!
You killed my husband!
Charlie. Listen to me, please.
Melody's trying to frame me!
I know Dad and Melody
didn't have an affair.
You lied to get
the divorce papers.
What are you talking
about? Of course they did!
Your father wouldn't make
something like that up!
- He's the one that told me!
- How can I trust you?
I found the burner phone.
I am so sorry, Charlie.
I told the police
this afternoon.
You told them what?
I was so scared to be
blamed for Jack's murder.
I wanted to make it look like
somebody was out to get me.
I know it was stupid, but
it was all I could think of.
So I sent the threatening texts
and I lied about someone
following me the other night.
Wow. You really thought
of everything, didn't you?
How could you do that? I
was so worried about you!
I'm deeply sorry, Charlie.
The situation was escalating;
I didn't know what to do.
So was it you that morning?
Did you play intruder
in your own home?
I swear to you I didn't do it...
but I think I know who did.
Jack showed me the love
letter you wrote him.
Oh, God.
I knew it was in his dresser.
And I was hoping he would
have gotten rid of it,
but I saw it after he passed
and now it's
nowhere to be found.
You came into this
house. And you took it,
hoping no one would know
your feelings for him.
You are pitiful! STOP
LYING! It is over.
Charlie, I just found
this gun in that cupboard.
What?
In that cupboard?
Yeah! It was underneath
all these papers.
No.
Give me the gun, Melody.
I'll give it to
the police outside.
OK.
Melody! What are you
doing with a gun?
We think that this is the gun
that Mila used to kill Jack.
Mila didn't hide this gun.
I know you're lying, Melody.
Charlie, what are you doing?
That's where the
burner phone was.
I emptied that entire
cupboard. There was no gun!
Wait a minute. Tim called me
and told me he found something
and he knew who killed Jack!
You framed him and tried to
plant the gun at his place.
No!
But Tim found the
gun. Didn't he.
That's why you were in such a
rush to leave my house earlier?
Tim knew. And you had no
choice but to kill him.
And find someone
else to pin it on.
You'll never be able
to prove anything.
Don't move!
Or what?
I'll shoot.
YOU KILLED MY DAD!
Do you really think I would
give you a loaded gun?
Admit it!
He said that he loved me.
I divorced Tim so that
we could be together,
but when the time came... he
slept with that whore, Rebecca
and then he wouldn't
sign the papers.
So he got what he deserves!
Ferguson, we just got a
tip. Listen carefully...
I'm telling the police
everything. You're done!
Charlie! You stay right
there, or I'll kill Mila.
Melody. Stop and think
about what you're doing.
You'll never get away with this.
There's nothing you can do
with the police outside!
Help! We need help!
Step away from
her! Put your hands up now!
She tried to kill
me! She just tried--
Don't make this harder
than it has to be.
What do you mean? No! They
were working together.
We have your
confession recorded.
What?
Matthew was on the
phone the whole time.
I'll put you in my pocket,
OK? Just don't say a word,
He slept with that whore Rebecca
and then he wouldn't
sign the papers.
So he got what he deserves!
Faulkner speaking.
Melody confessed.
I was on the phone with
Charlie and heard everything.
Thank you, Matthew. I'll
inform the officer out front.
- No!
- You're done!
No! She's lying. She's lying!
You have to listen to me!
I didn't do anything!
It wasn't supposed
to be like this.
No, wait!
You did
great, young man.
I've got the confession
recording; you've got Melody.
Yeah, I've got everything. I've
got everything, thank you.
Thank you.
I heard them say they know for
sure that Melody killed Tim.
And they know that
she killed Jack,
thanks to you and Matthew.
I can't believe I
thought you could've--
No. It's OK. To be honest, I
would've thought it was me too.
Melody played her
cards very well.
Yeah! Until she didn't.
Now she's gonna go to
jail for a very long time.
I wanna say that
I'm really sorry.
I learned my lesson from
keeping the truth from you.
No more secrets. I promise.
I know it's gonna be OK, but
it's just a lot right now.
I understand. I
love you, Charlie.
And I'm gonna give you
the space that you need.
Alyssa, thank you.
I'm so grateful that
you've been here with her
through all of this.
We have a lot to catch up on.
We sure do.
I really miss Dad,
but I'm really grateful to
have you both in my life.
Aw, I love you.
I think I speak for both of
us when I say "We do too",